Update uenv-spack docs (#314)
eth-cscs/cscs-docs: docs/build-install/uenv.md

```bash
git clone https://github.com/eth-cscs/uenv-spack.git # (1)!
export PATH=$PWD/uenv-spack:$PATH  # (2)!
```

1. Download the `uenv-spack` tool from GitHub.

2. Makes the `uenv-spack` executable available.

!!! note "Requires uv"

>     `uenv-spack` requires that [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) is installed to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `uenv-spack` requires [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) to be installed.
```
Sounded a bit odd, but maybe it's just me.

### Spack view

> A Spack view is generated in `<build-path>/view`, with a .

Reviewer 2: Unfinished sentence?
